hey what's going on everybody my name is
cosgrove II and welcome to loot gaming
unboxing and I saw a boogie2988 do this
i'll put a link in the description to go
see his butt he had a lot of cool stuff
in there and I thought it'd be really
cool to do this I've seen a lot of
unboxing videos but I've never actually
got one myself Laura's daughter gets
nerd block and she loves it so i got my
first one in the mail today and i
thought i would just do an unboxing
video I've never done one before I have
no idea what's in here I know that the
theme for this month actually today's
August 27 so I'm guessing that this is
September's loot gaming so the theme for
September is supposed to be mecha so
let's see what's in here I hope this all
works out to this is the first time I've
actually recorded like this in this room
and I was trying to figure out how to
get it to see the table and to see me
like so I wasn't too far away this is
the best way I could figure to do it so
alright let's see what's in here number
one which is awesome because all men is
that what I think it is ok because I
just got this game I just started
playing on the channel and absolutely
love it it's trying to find a way to get
the the glare off of this you can
actually see it it's dsx and it's adam
jensen that is awesome i don't have any
of these guys actually laura has some
game games of Thrones Game of Thrones Oh
scan the triangle to unlock bonus
content oh man i'm not going to show
that i'll see what it is actually then
check out my dsx videos and i'll play it
in there next is the t-shirt what's
actually a huge reason that I got this
because I got these actually i got these
shirts at kohls this sean and a
and a Playstation one I got lower back
to the future and a Deadpool one they're
really cheap and they're really cool
shirts but here it is if it's what I
think of this oh it's it's not what I
think it is I thought it would be a deus
ex 1 but I guess everything in here
won't be DSC dsx but it is destiny which
actually to tell you the truth I'm not
much into destiny I downloaded a free
like a free trial for it and I played it
a little bit it wasn't exactly my thing
but actually i dunno i have one of my
friends that is way into destiny maybe
be a perfect birthday present for him
for something alright next thing in here
oh man that looks like claptrap is this
so it's Luke gaming exclusive looks like
claptrap from Borderlands what is this
you know I should probably have a knife
or scissors down here for doing this if
I'm gonna do this more often so Laura
wanted to do this with me and I really
wanted to and we're actually getting
ready and the baby is just running all
over the place and there's no way he's
gonna go to sleep and he's being super
loud so she decided taken for a walk and
let me do this here it is it looks like
it is it's a magnet oh that's cool I've
never ok so it's from Borderlands 2 oh
I'm holding it upside down and this is
metal pip
this is metal like it's it's hardcore
that is awesome its claptrap so that on
the back yeah Borderlands 2 CL for PTP
general-purpose robot and opener is it
oh it's a bottle opener though the
middle his mouth here is a bottle opener
that's cool i like that in its magnet
magnetic it's really heavy though so
it's not enough metal on that awesome I
like that a lot you guys don't know uh
Laura and I were homebrewers we we have
never probably i think for home-brewed
videos on the channel right now we
haven't done it in a while though next
lawbreakers hat
to be completely honest with you yes
you're like I've seen this before but
I'm not sure what lawbreakers is now
this is not how I wear my hat by the way
oh cool this is this is like a so on
like Patch kinda like a fur coat or
something oh it's too shiny from
bioshock here let me open this up this
is a bioshock guy that's really cool I
don't know what I'm gonna put it on but
oh actually actually it's sticky on the
back I think maybe not I'm not going to
screw with it in case that's not how it
works next we have this is the mecca
humans versus machine the game manual
okay so this says everything that's in
here so this is August 2016 all right
let's finish it up and then I'll look in
there make sure I didn't screw anything
sings up and this is a pin which is what
is it it is it maybe it's just a
lootcrate Mecca August 2016 pin I can't
hold it in front of the camera and see
it at the same time there you go and
it's a pin
all right let me look in the book make
sure I didn't screw any of this stuff up
so it says in the book here the mecca
coin pin exclusive part human part
machine all awesome this Mecca coin pin
symbolizes the moments when our son was
greater than our parts so the the mecca
part of the theme is all part human part
machine part human part machine is
claptrap part human I don't know I don't
know enough about about borderlands I
played some of the first one and that's
about about all I've done in Borderlands
this stuff is really cool actually guys
this I'm actually really excited about
this i've i've seen the other ones and
they've got some cool stuff in him but
when i saw a boogie unbox last month's
wait this one's August yeah it is August
so when he unboxed July's he had it was
an assassin's creed flask and it was
super awesome and I love Assassin's
Creed's one of my favorite games of all
time I was like aw man I got to get that
he got a lot of cool stuff in that so go
check out boogies channel for sure this
is not sponsored at all I'm just doing
this because this is the first 1i got
and I was super excited to get all this
stuff and this stuff is really cool i
love this deus ex Adam Jensen because
I'm playing the game right now and
actually I have it breached there's
another game mode in dsx called breached
which I have coming out
I think it's a second September second
whatever day that is I don't have a
calendar around me at the moment so
anyway that's it for this unboxing you
guys this stuff's all really cool I love
it let me know what you guys think of
this and I will do one next month if you
guys liked it so if you did please don't
forget to hit the like button for me and
real quick I forgot there's a couple
things new things in my room my game
room I want to show you so let me pack
the stuff back up and get it out of the
way and get my mouse and everything must
the keyboard set back up and I'll give
you a sneak peek of my new pc and
something really cool that I picked up
at the renaissance festival that has to
do with gaming so you back in a minute
alright well i'm not going to show you
the whole room because the baby's been
down here destroying stuff and it's kind
of a mess right now but here's my new pc
just a quick look at it and I still
haven't I need to get the the receipts
out and go through and put I want to put
in the About section of my channel the
specs of the pc but right now i can tell
you that it has 64 gigabytes of memory
it has gtx 1080 graphics card and it has
and it's water-cooled processor in there
the processor is an intel i7 i don't
remember the specs or the exact name of
it i can render videos a little under
one-fifth of the time that i could with
my old pc with the AMD i remember the
specs of that one like the name of that
one either but i can tell you right now
is a 4 gigahertz eight-core processor
and this one blows it out of the water
scope I'll get those specs together and
i'll get them listed on my channel for
you for anybody who does want to know
because this thing's pretty awesome one
thing i wish i could do though is make
the color stay one color like blue I
haven't found out a way to do it I know
that there's something you can buy or
download that will let you do that but I
haven't found the right one yet next up
I picked this up at the colorado
renaissance festival they had a whole
bunch of these things they had an
assassin's creed one they had all the
game of thrones like that they had that
one made out of metal like this and I
looked at him and I thought you know
what I can make these myself because I'm
a welder fabricator right now i mean
that's like what i do a mechanic and
really it's just cut out with a plasma
cutter you take the torch and you kind
of heat up the edges and that color
there is called the heat effect zone and
then this brushed the brushed part there
you just take like a grinder and the
irony on you're on your own now just go
over it real light back and forth oh man
that looks makes it look way better
blood turn that light on but that is if
you don't know that's the black hand
from Skyrim actually I don't know if it
was in oblivion or the other ones but i
knows in Skyrim the dark brotherhood and
yeah i just want to show you guys that
it was like 60 70 bucks that's why i
didn't almost I almost didn't buy it
because I can actually make it but I
don't have a welder torch and air
compressor and stuff here at home all
that stuff's at work so I couldn't pass
it up I left it I had to come back and
get it before I left then here's a
couple things on my wall here Laura's
daughter made me that a while ago she
also made me this Kobe scrubby YouTube
I hope you have a great father's day oh
that's what that was from and then that
was Father's Day to the baby made that
he is one year and two months old
actually yeah two to three months yeah
anyway are you guys well it's gonna be
it for today hope you guys enjoyed this
I really love i really love doing it I
was super excited for this like I said
and I'm gonna keep them coming I think I
subscribed for three months just to try
it out and see how it is before I go and
spend whole crap ton of money on it I
remember how much it was I mean it's a
very reasonable price and like I said
this isn't sponsored so I don't have a
code for me but i did use boogie2988
code so go ahead and check out his
channel and I know that if you use his
code you'll get a discount and he'll sit
he'll make a little bit of money too and
it's great channel so anyway thank you
guys so much for watching like I said if
you guys did enjoy this and you want to
see more next month and next month you
want to keep seeing these every month
don't forget to leave a like leave your
comments down below you can subscribe to
the channel from maybe more loot gaming
but definitely other videos thanks for
watching we'll see you next time later
guys power